Types of Variables:

1) Input Variables: 
    Input variables are like input parameters or arguments for a function. 
    They are referenced using var.name. To declare an input variable.
2) Local Variables:
    Local variables are like temporary variables within the scope of a function. 
    They are referenced using local.name, and declared with locals (plural).
3) Output Variables:
    Output variables are like the return values of a function. 
    They allow bundling multiple Terraform configurations together. 
    To declare an output variable.

Setting Input Variables
    Input variables can be set in several ways, ranked in order of precedence from lowest to highest:

        1) Terraform CLI prompts: 
            If you don't specify a variable anywhere and there's no default value, 
            the Terraform CLI will prompt you for a value.
        2) Default value in the block: 
            You can specify a default value when declaring the variable.
        3) Environment variables: 
            Use the prefix TF_VAR_ followed by the variable name.
        4) Terraform .tfvars files: Store values in .tfvars files.
        5) Auto-applied .auto.tfvars files: These files will be applied over the .tfvars files.
        6) -var or -var-file options: Pass values when issuing the terraform plan or terraform apply commands.

Variable Value Types
    Variables can hold different value types:

        * Primitive types: string, number, or boolean.
        * Complex types: lists, sets, maps, etc.
    
    Type checking happens automatically in Terraform. 
    You can also write your own validation rules.

Handling Sensitive Data
    When using sensitive data in variables, like a database password, add the sensitive = true attribute when defining the variable. 
    This will cause those data to be masked in the Terraform plan output to prevent leaking credentials.

    Also, avoid storing sensitive data in files, and consider using these options for passing in those data:
        * environment Variables
        * -var command
        * external secret stores like AWS Secrets Manager or HashiCorp Vault.

output variable is return value of terraform apply configurations. 
the value can be used in another terraform configurations for bundling.

by default variable value in terraform named with "terraform.tfvars",
we can use another name but we use add when apply configuration with:
"terraform apply -var-file=<name_of_file>"